you know the last Avengers movie
infinity war was very dramatic a grown
adults left the theater crying and while
children loves superheroes I'm not so
sure how they feel about intergalactic
genocide it's no fun to see spider-man
die so to get the kids back we wrote a
version of that movie that's
kid-friendly
it's a children's book and we asked the
Avengers themselves to read it for us so
go wake your young ones and gather them
around the TV set because it's storytime
with the Avengers good evening and
welcome to intellectual dialectical
theater and tonight's performance will
be an excerpt from towards the mad Titan
Thanos towards the mad Titan Thanos who
traveled through space the big creepy
smile on his beefed-up the Infinity
stones he collected with love and
inserted each one in his gaudy gold
glove he had six stones in all reality
mind and soul space power in time he
completed his goal what a naughty boy he
is go he got all the stones really liked
it his chin in this really the fitted
chin looks like a he's going that was
glowing and wouldn't you know it he went
to work on de-excited to show it I
didn't get to go to Wakanda I think they
let the black characters go see where
the black people were the Avengers stood
strong and they said we gotcha bet
Thanos tore through them like discount
pinatas
I'll finish this Thor excitedly said
unfortunately Thor should have gone for
the head yeah he blew it
Thor
we still got close enough to him to
actually go for something unlike the
rest of the pathetic little useless put
a scratch on him
I mean everybody should he just called
me gay got this done real quick Danno
showed them his fingers and then with
one snap he made half of the universe
say what the crap Bucky and Scarlet
Witch Falcon and group suddenly began to
turn into soot route you can't find
something that rhymes to turn into soot
to turn I know it should but his name
isn't grit so I would say do grit insert
rhyming Groot and soot Doctor Strange
and star-lord blew away in a gust even
poor spider-man turned into Stardust
yeah gust dust that rise whose fault it
was
it's it's it's a No what's his name
their star star-lord you know he's the
one should have been turned into
Stardust he'd got all emotional about
his girlfriend to some and then blew the
whole thing off mean they had anything
had it but anyway glad you got your
relationships ordered half the universe
is dead smoke billowing from his hand in
his arms Thanos retreated to a lovely
space farm well well
come on this saggy nuts that's the story
you're saying I'm guessing the answer is
yes I know that's depressing really
that's a very unfortunate rendering of
me but the Avengers may have a few more
last tricks you can find out in theaters
on April 2 6 you probably will Thor
yeah he avenges if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment